Updated CONTRIBUTING.md for wazuh-documentation (#8220)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the Wazuh documentation

> This document provides instructions for deploying a Python virtual environment, cloning the repository, contributing changes, and submitting a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides instructions for deploying a Python virtual environment, cloning the repository, contributing changes, and submitting a pull request. It also explains how to report issues clearly so that we can resolve them quickly.
```

> It also explains how to report issues clearly so that we can resolve them quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> *Note: This contribution guidelines might change in the future as we improve or change how we organize, create or compile the documentation.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: These contribution guidelines might change in the future as we improve or change how we organize, create, and compile the documentation.*
```

## How to report issues in the Wazuh documentation

The community is important to us. We value your feedback on bugs or typos in the documentation. When reporting an issue, include the **URL or section** where the error occurs and provide all relevant details to help us resolve it.

> Keep in mind that this repository is for the Wazuh documentation. There are some cases where your issue might be more effective if it's created on the proper repository. Here you can find some tips if you have doubts about the right place for your issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that this repository is for the Wazuh documentation. In some cases, your issue might be more effectively addressed if it's reported in the appropriate repository. Here you can find some tips if you have doubts about the right place for your issue:
```

- If Wazuh works fine but something in the documentation seems inaccurate, unclear, or confusing, let us know by creating an issue [here](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/issues).

> - If you have **problems, bugs or unexpected results** when using any of the Wazuh components, create the issue in its respective repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you encounter problems, bugs, or unexpected results when using any of the Wazuh components, create the issue in its respective repository:
```

>   - [Wazuh Core](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Wazuh server](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/issues)
```

>   - [Wazuh API](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-api/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Wazuh server API](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-api/issues)
```

# Contributing to the Wazuh documentation

> This document provides instructions for deploying a Python virtual environment, cloning the repository, contributing changes, and submitting a pull request. It also explains how to report issues clearly so that we can resolve them quickly.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document explains how to set up a Python virtual environment, clone the repository, contribute changes, and submit a pull request. It also explains how to report issues clearly so that we can resolve them quickly.
```

*Note: These contribution guidelines might change in the future as we improve or change how we organize, create, and compile the documentation.*

## How to report issues in the Wazuh documentation

The community is important to us. We value your feedback on bugs or typos in the documentation. When reporting an issue, include the **URL or section** where the error occurs and provide all relevant details to help us resolve it.

> Keep in mind that this repository is for the Wazuh documentation. In some cases, your issue might be more effectively addressed if it's reported in the appropriate repository. Here you can find some tips if you have doubts about the right place for your issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is dedicated to Wazuh documentation. In some cases, your issue might be more effectively addressed if it's reported in the appropriate repository. Here you can find some tips if you have doubts about the right place for your issue:
```

> 

Reviewer: I would remove the sentence `In any case, **don't worry if you create an issue here**, we'll assist you with your problem.`

## How to collaborate with the Wazuh documentation

Contribute by forking the repository, creating a new branch, making your changes, and submitting a pull request.

### Installing a Python virtual environment

The Digital Ocean guides below provide an overview of installing Python 3 and configuring a virtual environment. This approach lets you install the required dependencies without altering your primary environment, making it easier to manage and remove development setups.

- Ubuntu 22.04: [Link](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-python-3-and-set-up-a-programming-environment-on-ubuntu-22-04)
- CentOS 7: [Link](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-python-3-and-set-up-a-local-programming-environment-on-centos-7)

> After following one of the previous guides, you should have a Python programming environment ready to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing one of these guides, your Python environment will be ready.
```

## How to collaborate with the Wazuh documentation

Contribute by forking the repository, creating a new branch, making your changes, and submitting a pull request.

### Installing a Python virtual environment

The Digital Ocean guides below provide an overview of installing Python 3 and configuring a virtual environment. This approach lets you install the required dependencies without altering your primary environment, making it easier to manage and remove development setups.

- Ubuntu 22.04: [Link](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-python-3-and-set-up-a-programming-environment-on-ubuntu-22-04)

> - Ubuntu 16.04: [Link](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-python-3-and-set-up-a-local-programming-environment-on-ubuntu-16-04)
> - Ubuntu 18.04: [Link](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-python-3-and-set-up-a-programming-environment-on-an-ubuntu-18-04-server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Setting up the virtual environment

Assuming you have created and activated a virtual environment named `wazuh_venv`, proceed with the following steps:

1. Clone the repository:

  ```shell
  (wazuh_venv) $ git clone https://github.com/<YOUR_USERNAME>/wazuh-documentation.git
  ```

> The `(wazuh_venv)` label indicates that the virtual environment is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `(wazuh_venv)` label indicates that the virtual environment is active.
```

2. Change to the repository folder and install the dependencies.

  ```shell
  (wazuh_venv) $ cd wazuh-documentation
  (wazuh_venv) $ pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```

3. Compile the documentation:

  ```shell
  (wazuh_venv) $ make html
  ```

> You can view the compiled documentation at `/wazuh-documentation/build/html/index.html` as if it were served by web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can view the compiled documentation at `wazuh-documentation/build/html/index.html` as if it were served by web server.
```

4. Clean the documentation.

  ```shell
  (wazuh_venv) $ make clean
  ```

> This command deletes the contents of `wazuh-documentation/build/html/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This command deletes the contents of `wazuh-documentation/build/html/`.
```

- Also include an explanation of your changes in your PR description.
- Make sure to resolve merge conflicts so we can continue reviewing your pull request.
- In your PR description, add links to relevant issues, external resources, or related PRs that are useful.

> This guide covers everything you need to know. Thank you for contributing!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for contributing!
```

Reviewer: Because I don't think it's covering everything...
